---
layout: advent
title: Tabula Rasa 0021
---
[>suffer this lecture](0020.html)

"I shouldn't have done what?"

"Oh don't play coy with me, not now. You know full well what you did, and you *know* that all of the officials in the capitals have some psychic ability. Some of us think these stories are ridiculous too you know! But we are fully capable of silencing our minds about the issue."

"I know all that, and I know you must be mad because you think I'm going to ruin our group's assignment with my stunt there, but really, our world was created by these warring beasts that no one can describe? And if they are really truly warring beasts how is it that they haven't continued warring? We should ask Liam, he'd probably know more about these unfathomable beasts than I would."

You've just reached your dormitory's common room, and you hear a voice call out from one of the bedrooms, "Oh I hear Neil's beautiful voice calling my name, is he insulting my intelligence again?"

"No, no, I'm lauding you, seeking your advice. Tell me Liam, how is that the unfathomable beasts of our creation haven't destroyed us?"

Liam steps out of your shared bedroom, and as always you are struck by how intensely muscular he is. With every step it looks like he's about to tear some of his clothing.

"Oh are you harping on about that still? Look Neil I get it. The story doesn't actually make sense, I don't know how these beasts that no one can describe would stop fighting, I've only dealt with 'fathomable' beasts. I have to agree with dear Ruby here though, I don't want to get stuck up in some frozen hell hole somewhere, I want to be assigned somewhere nice, in the tropics maybe."

As Liam was finishing up his own monopolization of the lecture against you your last group member walked in the common room. Eva Berg, whose name just sounds cold.

"What is this about a frozen hell hole? I think that sounds quite nice honestly. Let's not all give Neil a hard time anyhow, he is after all quite a talented astrologist, maybe he sees something we don't."

Eva was wearing the thinnest clothing she could get away with at the campfire meeting. It was 45 degrees outside.

[>](0022.html)