---
layout: advent
title: Tabula Rasa 0024
---
[>Receive your CALL TO DUTY](0023.html)

Your group, and the roughly 30 other groups of seventeen year-olds whose birthdays happen to fall on exactly this day, the 31st day of Sagittarius, file into your assigned seats in front of an audience made up of your parents. Your parents expect great things of you of course, and not everyone is sure that they will. 

A great public figure, usually some incredibly successful professor or official presents the everyone's "Duty" on a given day. These ceremonies happen every single day though, so the speaker is never anyone terribly popular. Today it seems that some professor who studies the sky is presenting. Everyone's conversations cease as the announcements begin, but there are 26 before your group that you have to sit through. You listen through maybe 5 groups of announcements, hearing 'Warrior of this', 'Conjurer of that', and one, 'Prince of something' before you start to fall asleep.

"Group 27! Group 27 come forward!"

As you break out of your sleep-depravation induced daze you stand-up and line up before the presenter's podium. You were given an order to line up in at the beginning of the day. You are last, which means your name carries the burden of your group's assignment for training. Which really means, if you get assigned somewhere bad, it's going to be blamed on you.

"Liam Kelly. You have been bestowed with the title 'Slayer of Beasts' for your consistent prowess in the art of subduing the beasts which inhabit our world in a myriad of ways."

"Eva Berg. You have been bestowed with the title 'Sorceress of Darkness' for your ability to manipulate and control the destructive magical forces that permeate our world with only the intent to protect others."

"Ruby Lee. You have been bestowed with the title 'Hunter of Light' to recognize the wilderness in which you first honed your grasp on protective magical forces to save animals."

"Neil Ross. You have been bestowed with the title 'Bard of Nil'. It may seem a strange and yet fitting title to you, as it reflects your true mastery of no single subject and yet your grasp on all things, including the people that surround you. Group 27 shall be stationed in a North Pole astronomical observatory that I, Professor Roman Bogdanov have had the honor of being assigned to... You may now take your seats."

[>Let jaw drop to floor](0025.html) 