---
layout: advent
title: Tabula Rasa 0029
---
[>lament your group's assignment](0028.html)

You're not sure why you would do that! Why dwell on things that have already happened? Instead you talk about it with your group. You've all migrated back to your common room because there isn't much to do today.

"So... The North Pole?"

"It's not really dead on the North Pole, we're off from that a few thousand kilometers."

Liam retorts, "Ah, thank you Neil, that really calms my nerves, I'm sure it's going to be pleasantly warm there then."

You interject, sensing an overabundance of angry sarcasm, "I do wonder though, what exactly are we supposed to be doing there? We are basically going to be in a frozen wasteland, and say Liam isn't going to have a lot to do when it comes to beasts."

"You'd be surprised." 

Eva sometimes, often actually, speaks in very cryptic ways. Maybe it's the whole 'Sorceress of Dark' thing?

Liam asks, "how would I be surprised exactly?"

"There's a lot out there to deal with. All sorts of animals and magics arising from the cold."

"Like what?"

"The outpost we're going to be stationed at probably has these frozen bats, I forget the name-"

"They're just called Icebats."

"Thank you Neil... as I was saying, they probably have a bunch of those for scouting, you'll probably have to take care of a lot of those."

"I'm not going to turn into a vampire or something am I?"

Neil saves the day with his infinite wisdom again by saying, "Icebats are typically not vampiric, so I don't think so."

You start to get a little bored of this conversation and start daydreaming...

[>](0030.html)


