---
layout: advent
title: Tabula Rasa 0030
---
[>](0029.html)

Suddenly you're hit by a FLASHBACK.

It was 6 years ago to the day. Your birthday present had been being allowed to spend the night out in the wild lands outside of your village. In retrospect it seems a little dangerous and backwards, but at the time you were stoked to be able to prove your mettle as a rural girl.

You wandered away from your village around dusk, armed with your wits and a particularly heavy stick. It is sort of amazing you didn't get killed.

You drifted about, noticing that it was the night of a new moon, and that these grassy lands were nearly pitch-black, when you heard a bark and a terrible cry. In the distance you could vaguely see the form of a kangaroo as it flailed about, with a dingo in pursuit. Against all better judgement you ran towards it, and tried to fling your particularly heavy stick at it.

But you couldn't, the stick stuck in your hand for some reason, and you ended up creating a huge flash of light. That light was so sudden and unexpected that it not only scared the dingo away but scared you as well. You saw the kangaroo running anyway and immediately did the same yourself. Somehow in the black of night you were able to find your way back home, as if it were lit up the whole way.

When you came back that night you recounted the story to your parents, and they proudly told others. Those others spread the story further, and that story is why you were pulled into the SELECTION FOR DUTY in the first place.

As your FLASHBACK recedes you remember why is it you wear that kangaroo necklace. Maybe one day you'll find that kangaroo and he'll thank you... Because animals can talk, as everyone knows. (No one believes you or Liam when you say this.)

[>stop day dreaming](0031.html)
