---
layout: advent
title: Tabula Rasa 0032
---
[>be the slayer of beasts](0031.html)

All that daydreaming was getting rather silly, you are the 'Slayer of Beasts' instead. 

You, Liam Kelly, like to think of yourself as a young strapping lad. You like to think that your developed muscles, deep-set tan, and impressive stature make you look good. Your striking short black hair rounds off your imposing and yet gentle face.

You would never tell anyone that you think any of this though, because that would come off as immodest and rude. As a handsome and strong young man you would never want to seem rude, to the ladies.

Speaking of which, your group mercifully has some ladies in it. Eva Berg and Ruby Lee. 

Eva, as you just found out, is the 'Sorceress of Dark', which is a really ominous and fitting title. Eva has always been a sort of reserved, quiet girl that struck you as sort of dangerous. She even looks that way, with fair skin, blonde hair, and deep transfixing blue eyes. You tower over her, but somehow has always seemed your equal. It's complicated...

Ruby on the other hand is a boisterous tiny little girl. She is from Southern lands and is naturally darker than everyone, and her constant sunburns have made that even deeper and added a red hue to her skin. It's quite a striking look for such a small girl, although probably unhealthy. Ruby is sort of the exact opposite of Eva with her dark hair and brown eyes and lively attitude. You can expect Ruby to find the joke in anything that comes her way, and make it known to *everyone*. Ruby being named the 'Hunter of Light' makes a lot of sense then...

That's probably enough of thinking about that though. You've been with these people since you were fourteen, and worked with them nearly every single day. You don't see how you could really like any of them beyond particularly good training partners...

[>](0033.html)