---
layout: advent
title: Tabula Rasa 0037
---
[>](0036.html)

Just the thought of them has reminded you why you are so enraptured with them, and suddenly you're hit by a FLASHBACK.

You were young, you don't even remember how young you were. You had heard your parents talk about the Northern Lights and how beautiful they were over and over and over, but you hadn't been able to see them because you had always been in the wrong part of the world at the time, or worse still when they happened you fell asleep at some inopportune time. It was truly ridiculous.

So one night when you had heard others talk about how the electricity was in the air and so the Lights must be coming, you slipped out of your house and went outside. You found the emptiest space you possibly could, free of trees and houses and all, and then you realized it was really quite cold. You had never understood why your parents were so adamant you never went outside during the winter, now you understood.

You stood there, freezing, and watched a few flickering lights appear in the sky, and were about to go home when suddenly they sky exploded in color. The dancing light everyone had talked about appeared right above you. It seemed almost near enough to touch. They stayed there for what must have been hours, and you never ended up having to go home until they stopped, despite the cold.

You were so warm, in fact when the show of lights finally ended you noticed that you were uncomfortably warm, despite it being below freezing and not having moved for quite a long time. Somehow you felt, you *knew* that the Northern Lights had done it. You figure now that some dark magic had been awakened in you by the cold, but maintain that the Lights must have really triggered it.